hi so today we're gonna be making a
review of this dough which is no
cheating she looks a lot like Barbie and
actually it is the Turkish doll I don't
know if you might have similar goals
wherever you live i paid 38 litres and
that's about fifteen dollars in the
total cost it's it was really 35 litres
this is the back of the design and then
the actual dough herself and I'm going
to be removing some of the ties that it
all came with on the back so that we can
see everything now here we have the dog
and the first thing that you can see is
that it came with a lot a lot of items
to came with this table which is very
very nice on the bottom of it it has a
little bit of it looks like little stars
I don't know if you can see it looks
like literary stars and it comes with a
very nice top and a very nice race it
comes with four chairs and I have my
chairs here and you can see that they're
very detailed on the package says Cheney
on the back of the chair and you can see
that even there is a lot of detail at
the bottom of the chair on this
particular chair we had an extra gift
which is a pet for her it's a bad cut
and you can actually remove this pad by
removing the plastic pan which i'm not
going to do right now but i really love
that and she also came with this lamp
here that has different colors and we're
going to put the base for the lamp it
also has a lot of shimmer to it and a
lot of glitter at the base of the name
in the lamp itself so i am very excited
to have these fees for my dollhouse
here we have some of the items that the
dog came with some of the food we have
what seems to be two omelets I'm not
really sure what they are and then we
have two cheesecakes and we have one
here and then we have the second one
here and we also have a keep on that's
for tea time I guess and we have two
containers I guess these are children
containers I'm not sure you can let me
know in the comments below what you
think these are we have a teacup and
saucer and we have the second teacup and
saucer and I don't know if you can see
the detail from the side here it's
pretty nice we have the consort bowl and
then we have a base at inwood one flower
it's very detailed it's very well made
so I am very impressed by the quality of
these items you have a picture for water
and then we have a fork and a knife we
have a set of four items here two forks
to knives and then we have the dough
herself now i'm pretty happy with this
doll i really like the weight of the
doll she's very heavy the dress of the
doll is very well made I love the ball I
love the different colors I love the
chamber in the actual fabric the feet
are articulated she's pretty much like
the brand new Barbie dolls and are out
in the market and so you can put heels
on her you can actually put flats on her
her hands are articulated so they move
her head moves around as well and also
the middle section of her body moves
it has this type of joints and this is a
park and this is really a bargain
because the cost is about fifteen
dollars or less of US dollars which
means that with the cause of one regular
Barbie not even the super duper Barbies
you can actually get all the things that
you see here and you can see that there
is a lot we have a lot of chairs we have
the table we have the Namsan at the pad
we have the food and all the things that
came with her Plus at all I am really
amazed at the cost I don't know if you
have these type of those where you live
but I will really love to hear from you
and let me know if you liked this review
and if you would like me to do more
reviews like this with Turkish dolls
well I hope that you enjoyed this video
as always and I will see you in the next
one bye